Add Pygame Pong game workshop. (#106)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/pygame-pong/activity-1.md

---

> title: "Activity 1 - Define with width of Pong screen"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Activity 1 - Defining the width of the Pong screen"
```

date: 2019-07-29T13:24:17-07:00
weight: 3
draft: false
---

# Activity 1
You can adjust the boundary of pong game by adjusting the height and width of rectangle that represent the boundary. 

> Go to the code containing the Pong game. Press **run**. Notice that Pong boundary is not well looking and it left blank space like shown below inside blue. Lets fix this in this activity so that game boundary looks good. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the code containing the Pong game. Press **run**. Notice that the game's boundaries don't look right - see the below image. Let's fix this in this activity so that game boundary looks good. 
```

![](../media/width.PNG)

> Find `// TODO (ACTIVITY 1)` in the code. Modify the `WIDTH` attribute of `Pong` class. If you did this correctly, boundary problem will be fixed. Confirm the result after pressing <b>run</b>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find `// TODO (ACTIVITY 1)` in the code. Modify the `WIDTH` attribute of `Pong` class. If you did this correctly, the boundary problem will be fixed. Confirm the result after pressing **run**.
```

{{% notice tip %}}

> <h5>Feel free to use any other values on height and width attributes besides mentioned in Activity to see the effects of different values on game's boundary.</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Now, try this!

Feel free to use any other values on height and width attributes besides mentioned in the activity to see the effects of different values on the game's boundary.
```

{{% /notice %}}

> ## Takeaway 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Takeaway 
```

> You have just modified one of the attributes in `Pong` class to influence how the game will look on screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have just modified one of the attributes in `Pong` class to influence how the game will look on screen. 
```
```suggestion
You have just changed an attribute in the `Pong` class to change the appearance of the game. Great work!
```
